1. List of Linux commands
	pwd: checks the current directory
	mkdir: creates a directory
	cd: changes the current directory to another directory
	ls: lists the files inside a directory
	-l: lists one file per line
	-t: sorts by modification time -- newest first
	-r: reverse sorting order
	-ltr: a shortcut for the three items above
	cd ..: refers to one directory up
	cat: prints the file to standard output

2. List of github commands
	git config: configures the Git settings
	git clone: creates a local copy of a project that already exists remotely. Clone include all the project's files, history, and branches.
	git status: shows the status of changes as untracked, modified, or staged.
	git add: will become a part of the snapshot with git commit
	git commit: saves the snapshot to the project history and completes the change-tracking process.
	git push: updates the remote repository
	
3. Read the syllabus and answer the following questions:
	i) List the rules for collaboration on homework assignments
		We are encouraged to work on homework assignments in pairs (unless otherwise specified) but we also have the choice to work on them individually.
		Choosing to work in a pair, both students will receive the same grade.
	ii) List the rule for consulting external references for homework assignments
		We must include the outside sources we use in a separate document when submitting and assignment along with the names of the student you colloborated with.
		If you have not collaborated with any one, we must include the following statement, "I did not collaborate with anyone while working on this assignment".
		If I have not consulted any external sources, the document should include the following, "I did not consult any sources other than the textbook while working on this assignment". 
	iii) What is the penalty for submitting late assignments?
		There will be a penalty of 10% per day for submitting late assignments.
	iv) What is the penalty for missing classes? 
		When absent, students remain responsible for findig out what class activities occurred during the abscence and making up missed work if the instructor permits it. 
		If a student has missed a significant portion of coursework, the student should confer with the course instructor to explore options, including withdrawl or late withdrawl from the
		course.
